README.md, before:

# NC-News

NC-news (short for NorthCoders News) is a social news aggregation, web content rating, and discussion web app.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

You will need basic command line skills to install this on your local machine.  You will also need GIT and NPM (Node Package Manager) installed on your computer.

There is a live version hosted at https://chris-nc-news.netlify.com/ should you not wish to install this locally.

### Installing

Fork this project into your GITHUB account by clicking the fork button above.

Once you have the project forked, you can clone this onto your own machine by navigating to your directory of choice and typing the command 

'git clone [https://github.com/***YOURGIT***/***YOURFORKEDREPO***]'

After the project is cloned 'cd' into the project directory and install all the necessary dependancies by typing the command...

'npm install'

Once all the dependancies are instlled you can host the project locally on your machine by typing 'NPM start'.

## Deployment

To deploy your own version type 'npm run build' in the command line.  This will create a 'build' folder ready for deployment to yoru service of choice...

## Built With

* [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The web framework used
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) - Dependency Management

Commit message:

added backend links to readme deleted test file

README.md, after:

# NC-News

NC-news (short for NorthCoders News) is a social news aggregation, web content rating, and discussion web app.

This front-end is built on the nc-news backend api at https://chris-nc-news.herokuapp.com/api

The repo for the backend can be found at https://github.com/chris-wray-dev/be-nc-news

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

You will need basic command line skills to install this on your local machine.  You will also need GIT and NPM (Node Package Manager) installed on your computer.

There is a live version hosted at https://chris-nc-news.netlify.com/ should you not wish to install this locally.

### Installing

Fork this project into your GITHUB account by clicking the fork button above.

Once you have the project forked, you can clone this onto your own machine by navigating to your directory of choice and typing the command 

'git clone [https://github.com/***YOURGIT***/***YOURFORKEDREPO***]'

After the project is cloned 'cd' into the project directory and install all the necessary dependancies by typing the command...

'npm install'

Once all the dependancies are instlled you can host the project locally on your machine by typing 'NPM start'.

## Deployment

To deploy your own version type 'npm run build' in the command line.  This will create a 'build' folder ready for deployment to yoru service of choice...

## Built With

* [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The web framework used
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) - Dependency Management
